README.md, before:

# TypeScript Learning Project

Welcome to the **TypeScript Learning Project**! This repository is designed to help you get hands-on experience with TypeScript, a powerful typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Related Repositories](#related-repositories)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This project serves as a playground for learning and experimenting with TypeScript. Whether you're new to TypeScript or looking to deepen your understanding, this repository provides practical examples and exercises to enhance your skills.

## Features

- Hands-on TypeScript examples and exercises
- Exploration of TypeScript's core features such as types, interfaces, classes, and generics
- Integration with popular tools like ESLint and Prettier for maintaining code quality
- Setup for running TypeScript in Node.js environments

## Getting Started

To get started, clone this repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/flaviascarlate/understading-typescript.git
cd understading-typescript
npm install

Commit message:

<docs> update Readme.md with examples and related repositories

README.md, after:

# TypeScript Learning Project

This project is designed to help you learn TypeScript through hands-on examples. Each example demonstrates a different feature of TypeScript, helping you to build a strong foundation in the language.

## Examples

The project includes a variety of examples covering different TypeScript features. You can find these examples in the `src/` directory. Some of the key examples include:

- **Basic Types:** Learn about TypeScript's basic types, including number, string, boolean, and more.
- **Interfaces and Classes:** Understand how to define interfaces and classes in TypeScript.
- **Generics:** Explore how to create reusable components using generics.
- **Decorators:** Experiment with TypeScript decorators to modify class behaviors.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Related Repositories](#related-repositories)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This project serves as a playground for learning and experimenting with TypeScript. Whether you're new to TypeScript or looking to deepen your understanding, this repository provides practical examples and exercises to enhance your skills.

## Features

- Hands-on TypeScript examples and exercises
- Exploration of TypeScript's core features such as types, interfaces, classes, and generics
- Integration with popular tools like ESLint and Prettier for maintaining code quality
- Setup for running TypeScript in Node.js environments

## Getting Started

To get started, clone this repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/flaviascarlate/understading-typescript.git
cd understading-typescript
npm install
```


## Related Repositories

Here are some related repositories that might help you on your TypeScript learning journey:

- **[Effective TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Effective-TypeScript):** A guide to effective TypeScript usage, filled with best practices and tips.
- **[TypeScript Book by Gibbok](https://github.com/gibbok/typescript-book):** A comprehensive guide to TypeScript, explaining everything from basics to advanced topics.
- **[TypeScript Deep Dive](https://github.com/basarat/typescript-book):** A detailed book that covers the inner workings of TypeScript.
- **[Learn TypeScript](https://github.com/learn-typescript):** A repository dedicated to teaching TypeScript through examples and practical applications.

---

Feel free to explore the examples and refer to the related repositories for further learning.
